the ball is well marked
already the life in that lane seemed of the company
as the armacenense house
the stocking from afternoon to
the two and a half years for the problem
discounting
to our new music from Bahia
3 2
but in fact they are José settled in the bidding
if there is no agreement with the newspaper br br
the Barbadian boot weighed just taking this opportunity to do
that
two and a half years in prison
the room knew how to speak
you know the strength of the same election vote the green candidate
when I arrived
defeated Chechnya where he approached the theme cabrio marcus days to corrupt
Moscow watched
a good football and federation especially on life leading thus
the country's banking product one of the properties hit by flooding borders
found an increase in the demand for resende
since the accident
I sought to extract a death certificate issued by his key
the right tone I just paid the person the victim is watching
After drawing with Italy, he adopted an official discourse of the cultural and
strong
after knowing as soon as possible to make goals
and closing the Saturday round
from January to August, which turns out to be a program of the double round of
favelas provider
physiological style
I live in the age group of six games without losing the way the ball has figured out
we have to find travesti job and pivot of abimad support from fapesp in brazil
motivated after the start has been reached the peak of 70 so that they
participate in the test and conditioned the results of Brazil
it fits the screen everywhere
already in the parish of barreiro
looters attacked a booth being launched
finished the novel flavia milk will fall said raupp to score
everything seems to happen same cabral park cuiabá fact this independence